many practice in it
Climbing plants are supposed to grow every year
get cut
the kind lonicera japan japanese
honeysuckle flowers for example especially
rich in new gears cut strongly
blooms rich in the summer the pleasant
smell and be soldered from below
settled
plants that are not cut
only flowers are not rich anymore
and are less impressive the
lucerne japan luca here the variety
thaliana is a semi evergreen
plant here are the leaves in part
flown back
the temperature was up in winter
minus 22 degrees celsius
at minus 15 degrees Celsius for more
leaves spared
the ungloss leaves also include the
lonicera aminata pointed hedges
church
No
and the linzer henry evergreen spirit
sling these two bushes need
not be cut severely
We enjoy their leaves as far as the
Both have mind-leaves overwintered
cope with
but also good the cut
especially the pointed hedges
cherry she will despite a strong
but we remain prosperous
first at the Japanese honeysuckle that
is a very valuable plant
However, it can only be used in regions
mild climate can be used
it is lower for eastern europe
Frost hard little suitable because they are in
Stricter winter and reset
can
Nevertheless , we should in our garden
not on the japanese honeysuckle
Dispense because this plant is practical
scarcely affected by aphids is the
beatrice in the summer the pleasant
fragrant flowers are first cream and
are bleeding during the
this climber grows strong
her shoots reach a length in the year
of up to three meters
It can be used as a privacy screen
Should be low frost hardness
They are best protected and chosen
be planted
she is at a height of
about 50 to 60 cm above the ground
enter cut back
These shoots are in the last year
grown
they all have to be removed with it
In the summer we have a wall of beautiful
enjoy fragrant flowers as
support here is a grid of thin
galvanized wire denies this grid
lasts up to twelve to fifteen years and is
while enough fine that the shoots
of the circle can act on it
When planting we have to cut very much
Watch out for that is not about
to damage
Therefore, the plants are gradual
thinned
a few more words to cut
other spirits very well known and
The forest is the most cultivated
Honeysuckle lonicera confused young
and his worries
this climber similar to that
giant honeysuckle lonicera hildebrand
gold spirit snare concert halls allah
and the red honeysuckle lonicera brownie
should not be strong every year
cut off these four plants
bloom best on last year's shoots
I will show you these plants first
but I cut that Japanese
honeysuckle to end
this is how the plant looks after the cut
out
she could have been cut shorter
can
but that's the way the plant has enough
Free space many branched shoots and
well below scheduled clifton where is
she is beautiful green in the summer this is the
sorte hall iana the hardiest species
the plant species Japanese honeysuckle
a Polish variety is still growing here
the wood spirit leaf because of very intense
and pleasantly fragrant flowers too
Fragrance Cloud allowed the cloud
named this plant would hardly bloom
if she had been cut severely
All dry plants should be pointed
however, be removed and the plant
must be lighted then she will
bloom beautifully and get better
present
So we make a light fast
different
there is the captain to
for the bells
but it will not be bad if we have it
miss one year
Immediately we see a clean made
and cut plants